Xiaofan is not good
I just got word from my mom
Several uncles who were born and took care of the family council
The family council will recall you in an hour
Nan Shao, how is this good?
Xiaofan must get rid of several uncles
Otherwise, it will cause me big trouble.
Oops, he Lin Chusheng tripped me up with this
Far from it.
Hey
I remember the reason why Lin Chusheng controlled the family in his previous life
parliament
It is because of the illegal evidence of several uncles
Hum Taoist is just right
Four uncles
I'm counting on you for the next family meeting.
Of course, the four uncles don't have to worry either.
As long as you send the information of Lin Fan Chuchu Company
I'm ecstatic in the season
Hmm claim
Don't worry.
Yes, there is a family gang of Zhang Zheng
Lin Fan could only get out of the company honestly
Hmph Lin Fan
So what if you have a project?
Have these handles
These family members have to be obedient